documentation: add a lot of new documentation topics (#210)
ovh/the-bastion: doc/sphinx/using/basics/first_steps.rst

===========
First steps
===========

Bastion alias
*************

> You should setup a *bastion alias* to make it easy to connect to the bastion. An example of the proper alias to use for your account is given to the bastion administrator when s/he creates your account, and is usually something along the lines of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should setup a *bastion alias* to make it easy to connect to the bastion. An example of the proper alias to use for your account is given to the bastion administrator when they creates your account, and is usually something along the lines of:
```

to be consistent with other files?

.. code-block:: shell

    alias bssh='ssh -t myname@the-bastion.example.org --'

Of course, you can modify it as you see fit, for example adding the ``-i`` argument to specify the private SSH key to use to connect to the bastion. You can use any name as the alias, but it's advised to keep it short, as you'll use it quite often.

> For the remaining of this documentation, we'll assume your bastion alias is `bssh`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the remaining of this documentation, we'll assume your bastion alias is ``bssh``.
```

> You can do to categories of things on the bastion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do two categories of things on the bastion:
```

   -----------------------------------------------------</selfListAccesses>---
   bssh(master)> 

Connecting to a server and reviewing the session
************************************************

Good! Let's try to connect now!

.. code-block:: shell
   :emphasize-lines: 1

   bssh(master)> ssh root@198.51.100.42
   ~ Welcome to the-bastion, johndoe, your last login was 00:13:37 ago (Fri 2020-08-28 13:07:43 UTC) from 192.0.2.11(proxy-11.example.org)

   proxy-11.example.org:40610 => johndoe@the-bastion.example.org:22 => root@server42.example.org:22 ...
    allowed ... log on(/home/johndoe/ttyrec/198.51.100.42/2020-08-28.13-07-45.497020.fb00e1957b22.johndoe.root.198.51.100.42.22.ttyrec)
   
    will try the following accesses you have: 
     - personal access with ED25519-256 key SHA256:rMpoCaYPSfRqmOBFOJvEr5uLqxYjqYtRDgUoqUwH2nA [2019/07/11]

   Connecting...

   root@server42:~# id
   uid=0(root) gid=0(root) groups=0(root),2(bin)
   root@server42:~#

We're now connected to server42, and can do our work as usual. Note that to connect to server42, one can directly use:

.. code-block:: shell

   $ bssh root@198.51.100.42

> Where `bssh` is the bastion alias we've just set up above, no need to enter interactive mode first of course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where ``bssh`` is the bastion alias we've just set up above, no need to enter interactive mode first of course.
```

> When we've done with server42, let's see if everything was correctly recorded:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we're done with server42, let's see if everything was correctly recorded:
```

   ----------------------------------------------------------</selfListSessions>---

The first column is the unique identifier of the connection (or osh command).
Let's see what we did exactly during this session:

.. code-block:: shell
   :emphasize-lines: 1

   bssh(master)> selfPlaySession --id f4cca44a848e
   ---the-bastion.example.org---------------------the-bastion-2.99.99-rc9.2-ovh1---
   => replay a past session
   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   ~       ID: f4cca44a848e
   ~  Started: 2020/08/26 09:28:57
   ~    Ended: 2020/08/26 09:29:57
   ~ Duration: 0d+00:01:00.382820
   ~     Type: ssh
   ~     From: 192.0.2.11:33450 (proxy-11.example.org)
   ~      Via: johndoe@198.51.100.1:22
   ~       To: root@198.51.100.42:22 (server42.example.org)
   ~  RetCode: 0
   ~ 
   ~ Press '+' to play faster
   ~ Press '-' to play slower
   ~ Press '1' to restore normal playing speed
   ~ 
   ~ When you're ready to replay session 9f352fd4b85c, press ENTER.
   ~ Starting from the next line, the Total Recall begins. Press CTRL+C to jolt awake.

> Now that you've connected to your first server, using a personal access, you may want to learn mode about the :doc:`<access_management>`, or directly dive into the :doc:`/plugins/index`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've connected to your first server, using a personal access, you may want to learn more about the :doc:`<access_management>`, or directly dive into the :doc:`/plugins/index`.
```
